The Golden Week is approaching.
It's going to be another long holiday.
Do you hate long holidays?
No, I just don't know
what to do with my time.
I thought you were going to teach
Chitose cooking?
That's all I have planned at the moment.
Right. It's nice to have a holiday,
but it would be boring
if there is nothing to do.
Amane, don't you have any plans?
I am kind of free.
What's wrong?
I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT COUPON
May I use this?
Ask me anything!
During Golden Week,
please spend a day with me.
During Golden Week...
I want to go shopping
or hang out with you.
Is that okay?
I mean, even if you don't use the coupon,
you can just ask me if
you want me to go shopping with you.
I want to use this coupon,
so no matter what I say that day,
you're going to listen to me.
Since you insist, okay then.
What exactly do you want me to do?
Carry... my stuff.
Okay, I'll be at your service.
So where do you want to go?
I haven't decided yet.
Wait, what?
Because I don't know
what kind of place you like.
Me?
It's rare to go out together, so I want
to go somewhere we can both have fun.
Is that okay?
There's a place I wanted to go.
Where is it?
Don't laugh at me.
I won't.
A cat cafe.
I mean...
I won't be embarrassed
if we can go together.
Do you not want to go?
Yes, I want to.
Then...
Let's go together.
Yeah.
What's the plan after that?
And then we'll go shopping...
I also want to go to an amusement arcade.
Because I've never been to one before.
Then let's go to all the places.
I'm looking forward to it.
I wish the holiday would come sooner.
Right.
Yay!
The first Mahiru cooking class.
Of course,
we have invited
Miss Mahiru Shiina as a teacher.
You were invited to this house, okay?
And here is our food taster...
our guest, Mr. Amane Fujimiya,
who is an unmatched picky eater.
Shut up.
And this is my house.
You're such a party pooper.
Sorry to show up so early.
It's fine. You are making me lunch.
But more importantly...
I want you to keep an eye on Chitose
in case she adds something weird.
It seems I don't have your trust.
Don't forget what you did
on Valentine's Day.
Oh, please. That was a prank.
I'm sure I can prepare
a decent meal, probably.
You don't sound so sure of yourself.
I beg you to cook something I can eat.
Right on! You can rest assured.
Let's get started.
Okay.
What shall we do first?
Peel the shrimps first.
Okay.
If you want to easily peel off the shell,
hold the shrimp with
its back facing up in both hands,
put your index finger between
the third and fourth sections of the shell
and pull it left and right.
Amazing! It just came off.
Um...
It tickles...
Mahiru...
Yes...
Good morning...
Good morning.
Actually, it's time to say good afternoon.
When I sat next to you, you leaned on me.
Uh, I'm sorry it must've bothered you.
Not at all.
Actually, Mahiru said,
"Amane is asleep and acting coquettishly."
Then she let you lean on her.
Chitose!
So... Since when did you two start calling
each other by your first names?
Chitose...
Don't glare at me like that.
You should blame yourself.
Did you play a trick on me
while I was asleep?
I didn't.
What's the matter, boy?
So you did something other than a prank.
What? I haven't done anything.
Really?
Mahiru, did she do anything?
Chitose didn't do anything...
Everything looks delicious!
Mahiru, what about the taste?
Don't worry.
There's nothing weird in there
and I tried it already.
Good.
Why are you so suspicious of me?
I can't believe it.
I made it properly today.
Let's eat.
It's good!
I wonder if Itsuki will be happy.
Mahiru, thank you
for teaching me how to cook.
I had a great time, too.
Thanks for having me.
Um... I'm sorry...
about the prank.
Prank?
Chitose really didn't do anything.
But I did...
You did?
I... poked you in the cheek.
Does that count as a prank?
Th-Then...
I stared at your sleeping face
and stroked your hair.
You really like that, don't you?
Yes...
Because your sleeping face is
so cute, I couldn't help but...
You couldn't help but...
I couldn't stop poking you in the cheek.
Is it fun to poke a boy in the cheek?
Yes, it is.
I can understand how you feel.
Your cheeks are soft
and nice to the touch.
She is so naive.
We're going out tomorrow.
Right.
Amane.
Amane, I wanted to ask you...
Which do you prefer,
pure style or mature style?
What?
Whatever suits you.
I'm asking you what you prefer.
I don't know.
The pure style would suit your personality
and will be very cute on you.
If you decide to go with the mature style,
that could also accentuate your beauty.
How can you just say
something like that naturally?
Dear me.
You're the one who asked me.
Then the pure style.
That's a deal.
I'll do my best to make you feel surprised
and struggle to keep your usual calm self.
I don't think that would be pure style.
Then I'll try to get you hooked on me.
It bothers me if you try too hard.
Please feel free to be bothered.
Amane, morning.
You put your hair in a bun today?
I'm afraid it'll get in the way
when I play with the cats.
How is it?
It suits you well.
It's good then.
Well... laugh if you want to.
Why do you say so suddenly?
You must think I'm too excited.
Not at all.
I did think you were cuter than usual.
Those words come out of you so naturally.
It must be a result of good parenting.
I guess that's true.
But I mean it. Don't worry.
I believe you.
Let's go then.
Give me your hand.
So cute!
Look at that cat!
Cats...
Look!
Each one of them is so cute!
Yeah, so cute.
This one...
Her name is Silk.
Silk.
I don't think she hates you.
She just finished saying hello.
Is that so?
Just let her get used to you.
Anyway, let's sit down.
Okay.
It's so cute.
What?
It's too cute for me to drink.
Please don't laugh at me.
No, I just thought you
worrying about that is so cute.
Because...
it would be a pity to ruin
such a cute cat.
It would be a pity not to drink it.
Why are you laughing?
You have a white beard.
You took a picture of me, right?
I'm sorry. Do I have to delete it?
Are you going to keep
this embarrassing picture?
I couldn't resist
because you were so cute.
You can only keep one.
Look! It's on my lap.
Great!
Look, it looks like
it wants to be stroked.
Okay.
By the way,
since when did you and Silk get so close?
I don't know why
but she wanted me to pet her.
Is Silk your favorite now?
I saw a similarity to you,
so I like to stroke her.
Similarity?
Well,
I thought you were a little hard
to get close to when I first met you.
But once I got close to you,
you started to become more affectionate.
I'm not a cat!
And it's not like
I get friendly with anyone.
After all, you're defensive.
Why are you describing me as if I'm a cat?
I'm not.
Right?
You are.
Do you want to go inside?
The clothes on that mannequin
would look very nice on you.
Do you like this style?
I guess so...
Although you look good in anything,
this type of clothes must suit you too.
I'll go try it on.
Are you alone?
Would you like to have tea
with us if you have time?
No, I'm waiting for someone.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Excuse us!
Alright, let's go!
Press it.
Okay.
Mahiru, you did great!
May I ask... if you like to take this?
Is it for me?
After all, you gave me a present and...
You seem to like Silk a lot.
Or maybe you don't like plushies
because you're a boy.
It's not like that.
You tried so hard to get it,
so it feels wrong for me to have it...
I did it for you...
No, I'm not trying to
force you to take it...
Then I'll keep it in my room.
Although I won't put it
by the pillow like you.
I mean I can't...
Please forget about it...
I will cherish it!
Shiina...
Kadowaki...
Uh... I wonder if I've interrupted you.
No, you haven't.
I didn't even know you had a boyfriend.
We're not in such a relationship.
You two are clearly...
Fujimiya.
So you two are neighbors and
have known each other since first grade.
Forget about it.
As Itsuki said.
What do you mean?
He said you'd look good
if you dressed up.
I think you look cool.
It sounds like you're
trying to make fun of me.
I didn't mean to.
Shiina, so you knew Fujimiya
looks cool when he dresses up?
Well...
Yes.
I think I get it.
You must be trying hard.
I didn't expect you
to be so easy to see through.
Well... Kadowaki...
Please don't tell anyone about this.
Like... the fact that
I'm very close to Amane...
Don't you worry about that.
I'm not interested in sharing
other people's secrets for fun.
And I don't want to cut ties with
Fujimiya over some petty things.
After all, we're finally friends.
I feel so sorry.
Why are you suddenly apologizing?
Just... because we got caught by Kadowaki.
That was unavoidable.
And I think we settled
it down perfectly.
He seemed to understand.
I knew that we'd inevitably be spotted
by people if we went out together.
I had thought about it.
Fortunately,
it was Kadowaki who caught us.
He's really nice.
Amane, you have a very
high appraisal of Kadowaki.
Yeah.
The more we talk,
the more I know he is a nice guy.
I can understand why he is so popular.
He's beautiful inside and out.
Birds of a feather flock together.
I don't know why he likes me...
You're putting yourself down again.
It's my habit.
Why did you develop such a habit?
Honestly...
The train on platform two is arriving...
It's okay if you don't want to tell me.
But you have to remember
that I like you just the way you are.
If necessary,
I will praise you
until you beg me to stop.
So scary!
I'd be so embarrassed. Please don't.
Then please be more confident.
Thank you.
So...
I wonder if you could explain
what happened yesterday.
We're not in the kind
of relationship you imagine.
But I don't believe that's true.
Hey you!
You're not just getting along well.
Shiina cooks for you every day.
Itsuki!
You were going to get caught
sooner or later.
So I might as well have told him now.
What?
Wife of commuter marriage?
No!
I live alone.
And it's easier to cook for two
and split the bill.
That's what he says.
Totally unconvincing.
Not you too...
Usually girls don't go
to guys they don't like.
They wouldn't go into a boy's room
if they don't trust him.
Well said!
Fujimiya, do you like Shiina?
Why do you ask this?
I like her. Can't I?
I'm back.
You... are back.
Did you enjoy karaoke?
Kadowaki asked me many questions.
That sounds rough.
What did you just hide?
I didn't exactly hide... well...
Would you be angry?
Did you do something
that would anger me?
It depends. You might get angry...
Well, tell me about it first.
Ms. Shihoko showed me your old pictures...
Is my mom an idiot?!
And... there's a reason for that.
I was talking to Ms. Shihoko,
and we happened to be talking
about Children's Day...
I said you must've been cute
when you were a kid.
And then she sent a lot of...
Wait, let me check...
She didn't send anything bad, did she?
Miss Mahiru!
Do you want to show it to me now
or do you want me to keep pushing you,
which do you want?
What a weird look!
You pushed a girl down, touched her face
and you have the audacity to say that?
I'm really sorry about that.
I unlocked it.
You can check if you want.
I was this close to
being the worst guy ever.
You said you wanted to check, right?
Sorry, I was thinking about something.
Idiot...